Add notes on Molecule setup and adding a new role (#15)
UCL-MIRSG/ansible-collection-infra: roles/README.md

you will need to set the `MOLECULE_RUN_TAGS` environment variable:

```bash
export MOLECULE_RUN_TAGS=my_role
molecule converge -s centos7
```

If necessary, add [inventory `group_vars`](../tests/molecule/resources/inventory/group_vars)
for your role.

You may also need to add [`prepare`](../tests/molecule/resources/prepare.yml) or
[`verify`](../tests/molecule/resources/verify.yml) steps for your role.

### Add a GitHub Workflow

We have a GitHub workflow for running molecule on each role individually, and doing so
only when that role changes.

You should add a GitHub workflow for your new role to `.github/workflows/molecule-my-role.yml`.
The workflow should follow this format:

```yaml
name: Test my_role
on:
  pull_request:
    paths:
      - "roles/my_role/**"
      - ".github/workflows/molecule.yml"
      - ".github/workflows/molecule-my-role.yml"

jobs:
  molecule-firewalld:
    uses: ./.github/workflows/molecule.yml
    with:
      run-tags: my_role
```

This uses the [`.github/workflows/molecule.yml` reusable workflow](.github/workflows/molecule.yml) to run
molecule on the collection. Specifying `run-tags: my_role` will set `MOLECULE_RUN_TAGS` to `my_role` in the

> reusable workflow, and so only `mirsg.infrastructure.my_role` will be the only role ran during the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reusable workflow, and so `mirsg.infrastructure.my_role` will be the only role to run during the tests.
```
